[Music]
well you sure know where to spend your
money it's hard to figure out why it all
goes so quickly but what if you were
incredibly rich would you buy a personal
plane or maybe it'd have a real tiger in
your household
let's see where big money goes in real
life your secretary has an assistant
that has a secretary and you're the one
who's paying them all if you're rich
there's a high chance a lot of people
wait for your attention
there are deals to make contracts to
sign and huge bills to pay for
everything you own and it's impossible
to manage all of this alone space
traveling for real it seems like half of
all celebrities and top performing
entrepreneurs have already had their
tickets to space reserved soon several
space tourism companies will launch
their first missions to let some
incredibly rich people try zero-gravity
first hand investments and buying stocks
you think your money disappears fast but
huge money slips through the cracks much
faster and it needs constant expansion
on sources of income the number one rule
for all successful people is you need to
make your money work for you so
investing is a must
self development and new skills this is
crucial for everyone wealth or no wealth
but you'll want stay on top for long if
you're not the best in your field and
the rich know to learn from the best -
if they want to say start playing hockey
they'll invite a top celebrity player or
an Olympic champion to teach them
charity and funding scientific research
time is money but money can speed up
time if you want the future to come
faster or give precious time to others
in need of it if you can do this it
feels like having a superpower so why
not use it to help other people art some
rich people buy works of art just to
emphasize their status but others are
really interested and willing to support
artists financially also buying works of
art can be an investment - in the future
paintings can become much more valuable
extreme rarities linked to famous people
I mean someone really rich once bought
would have John Lennon's teeth for
$20,000 or Einstein's handwritten letter
from 1954 sold for 2.9 million dollars
rich people won't hold back from owning
rare stuff especially if it means
something to them after all it's also
might just preserved in another form
fossils and ancient artifacts
archaeological museums also sell their
exhibits today you can buy an ancient
Egyptian ax for $13,000 or maybe T Rex's
tooth for over fifteen thousand dollars
or how about buying a complete dinosaur
skeleton there's some stuff for less
than a hundred by the way but it's
fossilized Dino dung oh by the way if
you know the scientific name for
petrified poop
tell me what it is down in the comments
private planes to buy your own jet means
to spend more than 15 million on the
thing itself hire a crew and pay for
fuel but nobody actually does that even
if they're extremely rich most of the
time private planes are hired as a
timeshare with basic membership starting
from $1,000 per month movie props Elon
Musk famously bought a car from a James
Bond movie and was really upset that the
thing didn't really transform into a
submarine rich people buy all kinds of
things from movies $240,000 lightsabers
and even Dorothy's ruby slippers for
more than six hundred and fifty thousand
dollars how about houses but not simple
ones those are mansions or even castles
the most expensive house in the world
right now is Antilia in womb by India
it's a 1 billion dollar 27-story wonder
of a building that has anything you can
imagine its garden alone takes 4 storeys
a penthouse now seems pretty modest with
its 200 million-dollar average costs
security we're all worried about the
safety of our valuable stuff or
and when you're rich you've got a lot to
worry for a mansion of a billionaire is
a mighty fortress with cameras
everywhere patrolled by highly trained
professionals and with the tightest
alarm system imaginable high-end premium
cars some billionaires have multi-story
parking zin their houses others leave
their pricy toys and literal hangar
sized garages as with works of art they
like to collect rare concept and vintage
cars best performing sports cars and
premium class luxury ones whatever they
prefer personal super yachts it's like a
competition between the wealthiest
people of the world for the biggest
coolest and most expensive yacht there
are floating mansions with tennis courts
restaurants pools and anything else you
can wish for it and the price tag for
such a yacht is anything but what you'd
wish for it just the thing itself would
cost up to a small country's GDP of 1.5
billion dollars and then you need a crew
supplies and of course lots of fuel
don't forget the life preservers
supercharged credit cards now with this
thing you'd have a personal shopper at
all of the most luxurious retailers
around you want the best table in the
best restaurant you'll get it any time
this card is like getting into the elite
club of the world and you can only get
this thing as an invitation to the club
renting each other's mansions even if
you have the biggest and best one
imaginable the same thing may get boring
this is why rich people acquired this
strange quirk they will throw a huge
party and imagine that some other
wealthy person doesn't use at the time
health rich people are obsessed with
their well-being and they hire the best
personal or family doctors it gets to
the weird point where they'll have some
kind of top quality meds for everything
you'd not even consider to treat
insurance yes we all spend our money on
that but famous and rich people have a
lot more points in cases that go in
this insurance for example some
celebrities are known to insure their
body parts separately from their health
over all adventures and traveling
traveling for rich people can be
anything they want from more than
comfortable trips through most luxurious
places anywhere in any city of the world
to daring unique experiences of going
wild routes unavailable for most or
maybe meeting someone most people won't
ever even see like sharing a cup of tea
with the leader of the Shaolin Temple or
meeting me for a burger in a shake down
town hey it could happen private islands
these come surprisingly cheap for some
seventeen million bucks anybody can buy
a small island on the sunny Bahamas
right now or maybe you need 1500 acres
of land in the middle of the ocean for a
fair price of 36 million dollars well
that's one way to know for sure where to
go on a summer vacation outright silly
stuff there is a fishing lure that costs
around a million dollars or a Monopoly
board made of pure gold perhaps to
justify the price tags for those tiles
these things just exist and they're here
so that rich people can be weird in
their own rich way and that's all I have
to say about that hey if you learned
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend and
here are some other cool videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]